Clarify that tokens are generally single-use (#248)
ietf-wg-privacypass/base-drafts: draft-ietf-privacypass-auth-scheme.md

from that issuer, or already has a valid token available, it presents the
token to the origin ({{redemption}}).

Unlike many authentication schemes in which a client will present the same credentials

> across multiple requests, tokens used with the "PrivateToken" scheme are generally

Reviewer: ```suggestion
across multiple requests, tokens used with the "PrivateToken" scheme are
```

> single-use credentials, and are not reused. Specific token issuance protocols MAY

Reviewer: I think I understand the intent here -- to allow issuance protocols where tokens can be "presented" more than once without privacy regressions -- but this text seems like it would allow clients to literally double spend the same value. That would be a privacy regression. Instead, I would phrase this as something like "spending the same token value more than once allows the origin to link multiple sessions to the same client," and omit mention of what future protocols may do.

Reviewer: Looks good!

> single-use credentials, and are not reused. Specific token issuance protocols MAY
> define behavior that allows token reuse, however. In deployment scenarios where origins send
> token challenges to request tokens, origins ought to expect at most one request containing
> a token from the client in reaction to a particular challenge.

Author: ```suggestion
single-use credentials, and are not reused. Spending the same token value more than once allows the origin to link multiple transactions to the same client. In deployment scenarios
where origins send token challenges to request tokens, origins ought to expect at most one
request containing a token from the client in reaction to a particular challenge.
```
